Must have list

Keyword (Same algorithm(might have slight modifications depending on UI)this one is more specified)
Need  a number of different keywords
Needs user to press keywords
Keywords need to correspond with tags given to books
Must give back a list of books
Different from Book Recommendation because here, the user can pick a book depending on what they want to read at the specific time. 
Browse Books







Proposal!

Problem: 
- often times people find it difficult to find books to read next
- most websites do not have recommendation systems that are based off of preference, instead they are based off of rating.

Solution:
- focus more on recommendations for user and have a more simple and modern look

- implement a search based on keywords/tags that can either be based on previous books user has read or a specific search of tags (8tracks format)


Implementation:
- Backend:JavaScript/Jquery ,Database
- UI: HTML, CSS
- API:Goodreads





Design Documents
Use Case:
- To utilize Book Recommendation Algorithm based on book title inputted by user:
1. Display input section where user can type in book titles of recent books read or ones they liked	
2. User presses submit button once done inputting books
3. A search of books based on the tags each book inputted has is done and a list of most similar books is generated
	4. Display recommendation list 

Components:
Book database, Tag/Search system to generate recommendations
- First Page/Survey
Input Bars of preferred book titles
Submit Button ? conducts search
Display of recommendation list
Do not read list
- User Search 
Display of all keywords books are tagged with
User can select a few of these keywords 
User presses submit button ? conducts search
Display of result list based on books that contain selected keywords

Risk Assessment:
- Book recommendations may not be the most accurate as tag system may be difficult to implement
-Using the tag system to make recommendations might be a huge component that can take a lot of time.  If this happens:(eliminate it )

Possible API
Google Books: https://developers.google.com/books/?csw=1
GoodReads
Barnes and Noble Price Retriever 
























----------
fluff
    2 ½. Be able to click the book and see info
Current Reads List
Calendar to organize reading schedule

 Book Recommendation Algorithm(Backend-JS/JQuery)
User inputs favorite genre, three favorite books, etc(on second page of website).
After this, computer will recommend like twenty books. 
Will give books not to read as well. 
If you click a book, there’s a specific book format.

